Add a new required role for TA-enabled and two new user errors from AML (#123545)
Azure/azure-content: articles/machine-learning/how-to-attach-kubernetes-to-workspace.md

Reviewer: Some rewording is needed for this added bullet point. It should stress that this is required only for AKS clusters that use Trusted Access feature, there should be a hyperlink to Trusted Access feature too. @Court72 please help.

Reviewer 2: Hi @Bozhong68 - Do you have a link to the Trusted Access feature?

Author: Hi @Court72 @Bozhong68 This is the document of the [Trusted Access feature](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/trusted-access-feature). Should it be added to the table or other place?

Reviewer: Yes, the link is correct

|--|--|--|
|Azure Relay|Azure Relay Owner|Only applicable for Arc-enabled Kubernetes cluster. Azure Relay isn't created for AKS cluster without Arc connected.|
|Kubernetes - Azure Arc or Azure Kubernetes Service|Reader <br> Kubernetes Extension Contributor <br> Azure Kubernetes Service Cluster Admin |Applicable for both Arc-enabled Kubernetes cluster and AKS cluster.|

> |Azure Kubernetes Service|Contributor|For cluster in the region enabled Trusted Access cluster and workspace uses user assigned managed identity. You can check [this doc](https://github.com/Azure/AML-Kubernetes/blob/master/docs/azureml-aks-ta-support.md) for details.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Azure Kubernetes Service|Contributor|Required only for AKS clusters that use the Trusted Access feature. The workspace uses user-assigned managed identity. See [AzureML access to AKS clusters with special configurations](https://github.com/Azure/AML-Kubernetes/blob/master/docs/azureml-aks-ta-support.md) for details.|
```
